Okay, so let's talk about Godzilla,
So which one is
We kind of talked about this before but what is your favorite Godzilla movie so far?
Okay, so Godzilla minus one is which part of Godzilla?
Not a minus one you like.
Hmm.....
you don't like the first part when the Godzilla came out in a little island
Hmmm...      because it was kind of little
eating people part happens and stuff which you don't want yeah
but so what about uh do you have any
favorite characters like people of the minus one
Guy with the glasses? Who's  that?
Ohhh.... Okay, okay. He was kind of one of those.
Do you think you wanted to be on that boat with them?
If you had a chance, if stay somebody said, hey, you want to come along.
Yeah... But I don't think they were really skilled to do that.
You think you wanted to...
How do you like the scene where the first time that Godzilla came after them
Really...
did you see the i think that's when they first
time so Godzilla lose some parts of their face
and they start to come back right away.
So that was kind of something new I never seen that before Godzilla..
Yeah...   Yeah...
And it's not just that but they show
the way they regenerate. So that was kind of freaky too.
you can see all the bones and stuff on the side of the mouth
Ohh.... Fresh. Yeah, yeah. Fresh, didn't they say?
Some tooth, like bones, teeth or something.
Okay...
So...
So Dawood... but what made them
Why did Godzilla showed up when the ball was out there?
Ohhhhhhhh....
Or is that a boat or the sound of the boat?
And wasn't it when they were like exploring?
putting the bomb in front of the Godzilla
That's where the Army ship..Navy ship kind of came out too?
And then...Yeah... Yeah... Yeah... Yeah...
So what happened to the people who was on the boat? They all blown up with the boat?
you
Both blown up, so everybody blown up. There's no survivors.
Okay, so that was that.
so so other Godzilla scene so
At first they really weren't, no.
They didn't know what the Godzilla was.
So they're the islanders who thought...
Actually, they already kind of had the name for Godzilla.
Do you know which part of the island?
that was like is it from okinawa side or was  or not
They didn't really be specific, huh?
Hmm...
Oh really? Came out?
Hmmmmmmmm...
First one when the island 1954.
Ohhhhhh.,...  So they kind of took that story to this.
Ohhhhhhh...  lets we go..  how do you land that...?
yeah...
Oh really? The original like 1950s songs?
Had a title of Old Island or something?
hmmmmmm.....
Okay, do they use that same tune or same music to the minus one?
Oh, you didn't listen to it. I see. So, but you kind of...
connect the dots so it'll stick... to stick...
Hmm...
But they use the island or name of the island, one of the beginnings.
Ohhhhhh,  okay...  no that's pretty cool.
So what did you think about playing Godzilla?
Destroy the whole building and everything and ....
and the girl pushed the main character in between the building.
Yeah, yeah, and she kind of blown out and then it kind of disappeared.
so...     so....
What do you think about that scene? Did you think she was brave?
Ohhhhh...
Ohhh...
Ohhhh...  I see I see so that was so you don't really know the scene that i'm talking about
Did you see that the girl actually was almost falling off from the train?
Did you see that part?  Ohhhh... Okay...
Oh, you did. Do you know what happened right before?